Just putting this here for HW communication

Hey so my though is we should swap places from what we did in lab, so for the homework you can add this repository to your computer and do the diffrent model tests
while I go through the code you did and write it out. If not or if your computer can't do it I can, maybe just let me know before noon of 11/2 so I can have time to
do it?

Hi Evan, I've been trying to get open router to work on my windows computer but it's giving me so many error messages. I'm going to keep trying but I wanted to let you know
in case I haven't figured it out in time.

Hey Leela it's all right, I use windows but yeah it's a pain to set up, no problem if it dosen't work just let me know and I'll handle it

Hey Evan, I tried some more to get it to work this morning but there's some incompatability issues that are preventing aider from installing. 
You can try setting it up on your computer and if it doesn't work for you either we might have to meet in person to figure it out. The due 
date's nov 4 so we still have some time.

All right Leela, I'll try to get it working if not I'll let you know tommorow in class. If it does work I'll also let you know in class

Alright so I've tried out some more models but I've found that the one we made in lab is actually the strongest/most accurate, so what I'll do is write up the
necessary stuff for the HW then send you what I wrote so you can see if you can understand it/it will be accepted by him then I can hit submit cause it will
count for both of us it says


HW9? Its better formatted in actual canvas

First we tried NVIDIA: Nemotron Nano 12B 2 VL (free), which had a latency of 0.63 and 94.81tps
- Didn't work well at all, got 2 attempts but both broke/didn't do what we wanted and since it kept spamming re-attempts we maxed out the 50 free uses per day
Next was Qwen: Qwen3 VL 32B Instruct which costed $1.10 pmot, 1.52s latency and 65.10tps
- Worked semi well but always had a problem even if we tried to correct it
Third was MiniMax: MiniMax M2 which costed $0.45 pmot, 0.19s latency and 85.30tps
- While fast it never understood programming into Minecraft very well

Last was DeepSeek: DeepSeek V3.1 with a $0.80 pmot, 0.60s latency and 15.47tps
Worked the best out of all 4 models, only had to be correct a few times

The most functionality we got was all parts of the instructions from Lab 9 while using Deepseek
One problem came from when we had to use Qwen which left us with the error of not placing the chest correctly, solved by switching models
Only unable to solve problem was repeating code that wasn't needed but didn't mess up the turtles digging or ascent


URL https://github.com/blond12u-cell/turtles25/tree/main

Hey Evan, this looks good to submit, thanks!
